README.md, before:

# A blog post application called Adogtion

### Important information
1. I've chosen the Strapi CMS
2. I've created a repository for the Strapi CMS project. To clone the project: git clone https://github.com/gustavollg/adogtion-strapi-cms.git
3. Just in case the Strapi CMS project asks to authenticate -> user: gustavo, password: Password123
4. The default Strapi CMS API port is being used by the application (1337). In case it needs to be changed, there are two places that are using this port. in the "environments.prod.ts" file and in the "scully.blog-post-app-ui.config.ts" file
5. Although I was able to integrate Scully, I wasn't able to generate the routes corresponding to "p/${postIdentfier}". In the other hand, I understood the concept of creating a Scully custom plugin in order to generate these dynamic routes. So, when Scully is serving the application, the route "p/${postIdentfier}" won't be working as expected. The "/posts" route is being generated by Scully. In short, I understood the purpose of using Scully and a CMS.

### Running the application
1. Clone the git project: https://github.com/gustavollg/adogtion-ui.git
2. In the project folder, run the command: npm install.
3. Assuming the Strapi CMS project is already running -> In order to run the project without Scully serving the application, run the command: npm run start
4. Assuming the Strapi CMS project is already running -> In order to run the project with Scully serving the application, run the command "ng build" then "npx scully", and then "npx scully serve --"

### About the Application
The application is simple and intuitive. As a "theme" for the blog, the blog is about publishing announcement regarding dog adoptions. As the requisites were written, is possible to add, edit and remove announcements/posts. When clicking in the pencil icon, in a post, it redirects to the route "p/${postIdentfier}", where is possible to edit and delete the post. The home page is the "/posts" route.

Commit message:

Minor update in the README.md file.

README.md, after:

# A blog post application called Adogtion

### Important information
1. I've chosen the Strapi CMS
2. I've created a repository for the Strapi CMS project. To clone the project: git clone https://github.com/gustavollg/adogtion-strapi-cms.git
3. Just in case the Strapi CMS project asks to authenticate -> user: gustavo, password: Password123
4. The default Strapi CMS API port is being used by the application (1337). In case it needs to be changed, there are two places that are using this port. in the "environments.prod.ts" file and in the "scully.blog-post-app-ui.config.ts" file
5. Although I was able to integrate Scully, I wasn't able to generate the routes corresponding to "p/${postIdentfier}". In the other hand, I understood the concept of creating a Scully custom plugin in order to generate these dynamic routes. So, when Scully is serving the application, the route "p/${postIdentfier}" won't be working as expected. The "/posts" route is being generated by Scully. In short, I understood the purpose of using Scully and a CMS.
6. I've used the transferStateService from Scully to cache the data that is received when requesting the posts, but I didn't look through on how to update the cached data after adding or removing a post.

### Running the application
1. Clone the git project: https://github.com/gustavollg/adogtion-ui.git
2. In the project folder, run the command: npm install.
3. Assuming the Strapi CMS project is already running -> In order to run the project without Scully serving the application, run the command: npm run start
4. Assuming the Strapi CMS project is already running -> In order to run the project with Scully serving the application, run the command "ng build" then "npx scully", and then "npx scully serve --"

### About the Application
The application is simple and intuitive. As a "theme" for the blog, the blog is about publishing announcement regarding dog adoptions. As the requisites were written, is possible to add, edit and remove announcements/posts. When clicking in the pencil icon, in a post, it redirects to the route "p/${postIdentfier}", where is possible to edit and delete the post. The home page is the "/posts" route.
